[Carmilla] Assemble at Braila.
Await the word.
My work here is almost done.
Nothing here but lost children
and confused old men.
The end of this
will be practically merciful.
[knocking on door]
Really? How hard can it be
to find Godbrand of all people?
There has to be a limited number of things
in this castle that he can drink,
sleep under or attempt to have sex with.
He must be somewhere.
You know, for coming from an oral,
memory-based culture,
you're very good with books.
It would have been a poor education
if we hadn't been taught to read things
to add to our memory stores.
But I am coming to the conclusion
that my people are idiots
and we should have written
everything down.
-Everything?
-Yes. All the things.
Look at this.
There's more in this room
than a million Speakers
could carry across two generations.
This is insane.
And the sheer breadth of information
about the Castle is staggering.
-Hmm. But how much of it is useful?
-[blows]
Well, I do have questions
about Trevor's ancestors.
I discovered an entire box
of spells about... penises.
You're certain
it was one of his ancestors?
You didn't find it
under his childhood bed?
Stop testing him, Alucard.
I am concerned I have thrown my lot in
with a demented infant.
I imagine he has similar concerns
about you.
I am also concerned
that you enjoy him too much.
And what is that supposed to mean?
He is unreliable, emotionally damaged,
and apparently very distracting to you
while you should be focused
on the task at hand.
Oh. Am I not working hard enough?
Hmm?
And he's a drunk and he's self-destructive
and anybody trying to hold on to him
may well simply be dragged down with him.
You're afraid.
You worry that you might have made
the wrong choice.
So you're trying to make him prove himself
again and again
by constantly provoking him.
You forget, Alucard.
Trevor didn't get to finish out
his childhood.
He is not the man here
who may not have grown up.
Well, that's ridiculous.
And if we don't get this done,
then we're all failing. Aren't we?
We can't fail.
Wait. Get me that volume back there.
With the red spine.
-What have you found?
-I'm not sure.
The ritual language it's written in
has forked a couple of times
over the years.
-Can you read it?
-Not without that book.
It's based on Adamic.
I recognize the roots.
Now, that book there claimed to be written
in a language called High Remembrance,
which I've heard of.
This one has the Adamical roots
and some of the structure
of High Remembrance, I think.
-Give.
-I haven't heard of Adamic.
Take a look.
Interesting.
I see threads of Chaldaic in it.
You're rather well-read yourself.
I had entirely different books
under my childhood bed.
My father was a polymath,
my mother was a doctor,
and I grew up very fast.
What does that mean?
I'm being literal. I aged very quickly.
That may explain something.
What?
Perhaps you're just an angry teenager
in an adult's body.
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
You can spend so long in the castle
that you can forget how the sun feels.
Don't you think?
I like the castle. The stone stays cool
no matter where we are.
You like the cold?
When I'm cold, I can eat meat
or throw a cloak on.
I spent my whole life in hot places.
You can't escape heat. Keep walking.
Vampires have sharp ears,
and you said we needed to talk.
You're concerned
about the others hearing us?
[Isaac] I'm not a fool, Hector.
If you weren't concerned,
you wouldn't want the conversation
out in the daylight.
I just didn't want to be interrupted
by arguments.
They are good at arguing.
I used to liken them to wolves or bats.
A strong sense of community,
acting as one.
But lately, I see the vampires as cats.
-Swiping, hunting or ignoring each other.
-You think of vampires as animals?
In a way. They are pure creatures.
They have grace.
Animals don't act with malice.
-Cats play with their food all the time.
-[snarls]
True. But it's not malicious.
There's joy in it.
Not for the food.
[wings fluttering]
-[crickets chirping]
-[birds tweeting]
So.
The cats need herding, Isaac.
That's a good way
to get your eyes clawed out, Hector.
I mean it.
Dracula gave us the task
of creating a war plan,
but between his generals
and their fighting,
-and his own attitude...
-And what attitude is that?
He doesn't care.
He cares very much.
He wants all of the humans to die.
He's quite clear on that.
That hasn't escaped me.
My point is that he doesn't care how.
We're failing him.
Oh. Are we, now?
Yes. We need to assert
an order to the war.
We're the agents of his rage,
not paintings of it.
We can't just thrash around.
What do you want, Hector?
I want to present a united front.
I want a plan.
I want to move forward
and get this over with
in an orderly manner.
I want you to agree to move on Braila.
[sighs] I know that, strictly speaking,
we've never really been friends.
It seems counterproductive
to cultivate human friends
when we're engaged in the project
of ending the human race.
But we are on the same side.
Is this where we kiss
like Benedictine monks
from different monasteries?
I don't think I've ever heard you
try to tell a joke before.
You still haven't.
[Hector] All Dracula hears
is the noise in the War Hall.
He needs us to be the clear voice
over that noise.
He needs us to speak in one voice.
[Isaac] He needs us to be loyal.
[scoffs] How is it disloyal to provide
the guidance he requested of us?
If it's serving you and not him.
There are people in the court
who have their own plans.
Their own agendas.
[Hector] I am loyal to him and his intent.
But he asked for a plan.
And we need to give him one,
unambiguously.
We go to Braila,
prevent a diaspora by boat
and then proceed along the coast
from there.
What do you say?
Well. It will please Carmilla,
so I distrust it.
But it would stop her
from making mischief, for the moment.
And it would get the war room pointed
in the same direction.
[chuckles] I imagine
it would even make Godbrand smile.
Yeah. Well. Don't talk me out of it.
[both chuckling]
Isaac agreed.
That's good. That's very good.
And the night creatures I forged for you
will arrive at their destination soon.
Hector! You are a marvel.
What now?
Now we'll wait a short while
for Isaac to settle.
And then we'll have him accompany us
to Dracula. Present a united front.
Dracula will have no choice but to agree
to the request of both
of his forgemasters,
brilliant Hector.
Hmm. A quick, orderly and merciful war.
Just as you wished, Hector.
You have caused this to happen.
Be proud. I admire your resolve.
Quite remarkable.
-Carpathian?
-Indeed.
The last of the mirrors
made by the Carpathian scrying hermits,
400 years ago.
I must learn more
about transmission mirrors one day.
There will be time enough.
Soon the world will be silent.
God, yes. Listening to Hector made me wish
for a lifeless world all on his own.
[chuckles]
I find myself wishing you two
were better friends.
As I said to him,
making human friends
seems a little pointless,
given our current crusade.
True.
But, at the end,
there will be only you and him.
Presumably.
He'll be coming here to request
you approve a move on Braila.
Why?
Hector doesn't like it
when the animals fight.
Carmilla has the court whipped up.
Discord is loud. It bothers him.
Is he still loyal?
Oh, I think so.
There's betrayal abroad in the court,
but Hector is a simpler creature
than that.
He just doesn't like the arguing.
-So the generals are going to betray me.
-No.
If anyone actually approached
the verge of that,
they would be taken care of without you
ever finding out about it, my lord.
It is simply in the air
because they are frustrated.
So if I let them go to Braila,
they'll stop scheming and whining.
I think so.
It will give Carmilla some power,
but that's not a bad thing.
No.
The War Room will speak to you and Hector
in one voice instead of a dozen.
Indeed.
And at the end of the day, you don't care.
So long as the war continues.
[sighs] Fine, then.
I'm tired, Isaac.
There was a time
that I would relish the details.
Oh, there was a time...
A time when the smallest details of death
delighted me.
I remember when the merchants
of Kronstadt disrespected me.
Spending a delicious few days
gathering information
about the town and drawing my plans.
Stealing up the river at night.
Setting fires in the town,
knowing that the merchantmen
would send their wives and children out...
...but go to retrieve their most valuable
goods before making their escape.
[grunts]
-[gags]
-[bones cracking]
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[screams]
[merchant screaming]
[snarls]
[panting, screaming]
[screaming continues]
[Dracula snarls]
[archer] No!
[men screaming]
[Dracula] Forty of them had offended me.
At the time, I saw no reason to harm
anybody other than those 40...
[Dracula grunts]
...and I painted my picture accordingly.
[grunting]
[crowd wailing]
But those times are long gone.
Let us just conclude this thing.
Isaac. We were looking for you.
I was admiring the mirror.
My lord, Dracula.
-[Hector] My lord.
-Yes, yes, we all know who we are.
What do you all want?
Very well. Hector?
We would ask you to consider
moving the castle to Braila,
to conduct a full-scale
destructive attack on the port.
[Dracula] To what end?
To seal it, and discourage escape
by river to the sea.
Then we turn inland,
having land-locked the humans
and turned their country into a prison.
I agree. They make a good case.
It unites the court.
It lets us move forward.
Braila. Fine. Braila it is.
I no longer have the strength
for these petty decisions.
Amuse yourselves.
We will go to Braila ourselves.
So long as they all die.
That's all that matters.
They all have to die...
Thank you. A great victory awaits.
[Dracula] Yes, yes. I'm tired.
Tell me when you're ready for me
to move the castle to Braila.
Get on with it.
I will stay, Dracula. Until this is done.
It doesn't matter.
So long as they all die. That's all.
They all have to die...
-What now?
-Now I ensure my forces will be in place.
Then we inform the war council
and convince them
that this was their plan all along.
Some of them will wonder why
this is where your interest is,
after you so loudly brought up the issue
of Belmont and Alucard.
And I have already had you forge me
the means to deal with that issue.
I am in control, Hector.
You are?
Yes.
He could have done it.
You could have done it.
Any of the generals could have done it.
But I had to.
Do you know why I had to do it?
Because I am surrounded by children
and animals and dying old men.
There are perhaps four other women
in this castle
and they all glare from the edges,
either disempowered
by posturing man-children
or too paralysed by sheer fucking rage
to do anything.
And which am I? Child or animal?
Puppy. Somewhere between the two.
[scoffs] I thought you wanted me
to believe you respected me.
I did. Now you're implicated,
so I don't need to.
You're hip-deep in this now, puppy,
and the only way out is forward.
Come along.
Oh. Oh! This is... Trevor!
-What?
-I have something.
Uh, when I say "what,"
that doesn't mean "I would like to ask
even more questions."
Would you please--
Oh, you are the most annoying, just stop.
[sighs] I'm coming up.
I think I've found a locking spell.
Wait. Listen.
Your family have an entire literature here
about the castle.
They tried for centuries
to eliminate its main advantage
it transports itself
through magical means.
Right. So you can't attack it
if it just jumps somewhere else.
Yes. So some clever Belmont
eventually formulated
most of a locking spell.
A method to catch the castle
and lock it down to a single location
so that it can be invaded.
Most of it?
I can finish
the final clauses of it myself.
It's all based on Adamical structures.
[Alucard] You keep saying that word.
Adamic is the original
human language.
The one spoken by Adam and Eve
in the Garden of Eden.
The one that was split
into all other languages
at the Tower of Babel by God
to prevent human cooperation.
Is that how you understand that story?
Oh, yes.
The Speakers are the enemy of God.
We live in cooperation
and hide our stories inside ourselves
so he cannot strike them down in jealousy.
Huh...
-[thudding]
-Oh?
See? God hates me.
-[glasses clinking]
-[thudding continues]
[chains clanging]
That's probably not God.